Introduction: Howdy, haven’t seen you around these parts before. Ya new?| My name’s Skelecrack, the C is silent, how are you?| I don’t like the tone ya  giv’n me!| AWE MAN! Could ya put that gaush dern thing away?!| Ya ask for it, bud!|he gets a heart attack|So, that’s how I die. Going out doing what I love. Playing country. Ya know, my life sucked before you came around. However, after you, it got worse. I died, and there's nothing to change that. My life before, was… beautiful for some time. That didn’t last long. You see, I had 2 kids and a loving wife. I wasn’t even floating hands at the time. I was a normal person. Skin, flesh, and bone. I was living in the countryside. Small town, little people, plenty of food for everyone. Heck, I even had a farm of my own. Cows, chickens, sheep, you name it. I believed in destiny. So, I knew that when my treasured cow got sick, something was bound to happen soon. I was right. That when they raided. Jablinski and his army. They were fierce warriors of the night. My family, burned, and me, cursed. I was filled with so much anger and hatred that I would kill others and destroy their towns. I’m sorry. My life is distraught, or at least it was. You relieved that, thank you. Ya know, I was already planning this. Death. The kind that the people in the dark emo or goth clothing do. I thought I was just being dumb. But you showed me that it was okay. I had finally calmed down. You broke that piece. With your nick nacks and what's supposed to be calming music. It doesn't calm me. I’m country for life. I don’t care what your augment is. My wife… My kids… It was their favorite type of music. I played for them daily. It wouldn’t matter if I had had a long day in the field, or if it were Sunday (Sundee), I would play for them. They loved it. Though I couldn’t sing on the days I was tired. It was fine though. My wife has learned all the lyrics and would sing for me. I am glad I have finally been reunited with them. I can see them now standing waiting. But wait I’m not rising to join them. I’m falling. Is this because of the villages destroyed? I'm sorry. My temper got a hold of me. I wish I could’ve repented. I didn’t. It was all my fault. Now I live in my after life without them. Living in the depths. Burning like all the people in those villages. I deserve this, but my family doesn’t. I deserve to burn, but my family misses me and wants me back. I am so mad that I let my temper get a hold of me. Now I’m punishing my family and myself. I rest my case. Goodbye all. You will never hear from me again. 
